Vending Machines introduces to terraria players shops without requiring an NPC. These shops are activated by right-clicking the vending machine tile (from relatively close to it).
This mod includes a generic vending machine that can be built to provide shops for any NPC with a shop, including modded ones. To build them, you require iron,glass,wire, a switch and a Soul of <NPC>, which is obtained by killing a town NPC with a Soul Extractor sword.

This mod is also meant as a base for people to build their own NPC-free shops, and includes an example "Easy Vending Machine" that can be copied to create your own vending machine.

v1.2.1 Changelog
Changed the way custom vending machines are implemented: they are now fully compatible with Shop Expander.
Vending Machines' SetupShop now takes a Chest instead of an Item[], allowing for expanding the chest.item size. Items over the limit will not be displayed unless your have a mod that allows it.
Added Icon.2.0.4 ChangeLog
Trying and fixing bug with Shop Expander

v1.2.0.3 ChangeLog
Fixed a bug where the traveling salesman vending machine did not update with a new day.

v1.2.0.2 ChangeLog
Fixed a bug where homing weapons homed in on vending machines.

v1.2.0.1 ChangeLog
Preliminary release for tmod 0.10, tested only with vanilla content. May be updated later if mod support broke.

v1.2 Changelog
- Soul extractor can now kill Vanilla Bound NPCs (and Tortured Soul Tax collector) and extract their Town NPC soul (exception being the Old Man/Clothier, for Reasons).
- Added ATM (tax collector machine), Hair Dryer (Stylist hair styling machine) and Dye Ball Machine (Dye Trader Strange Plant trading).


V1.1 changelog
- Fixed Nurse removing quickstack and sort buttons from inventory
- Added "Guide's Crafting Help Machine" and "Reforge Machine", which allow for recipe viewing and Reforging weapons respectively.
-- These new recipes only appear if you have a "Soul of Guide" or "Soul of Goblin Tinkerer" with you, and while they say they can be crafted with any "Soul of NPC", they cannot.